feat(packages-backend/loggers): support to not unset from field (#3141)
commercetools/merchant-center-application-kit: .changeset/mighty-donkeys-sip.md

---
"@commercetools-backend/loggers": minor
---

> Support to not unset the original field when rewriting logs.
> 
> When rewriting a field you can use the `unsetFromField` option and set it to `false`. For example:
> 
> ```js
> {
>   from: 'meta.req.statusCode',
>   to: 'meta.req.status_code',
>   unsetFromField: false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support to optionally preserve the original field when rewriting log fields with `rewriteFieldsFormatter`.

When rewriting a field you can use the `preserveFromField` option and set it to `true`. For example:

```js
{
  from: 'meta.req.statusCode',
  to: 'meta.req.status_code',
  preserveFromField: true,
```
